Hello fans of fitness.
It's me and Kameron.
That's right, she's a P90 graduate.
Tell us a little bit though before
we begin about your P90 story.
I came into the
program, and I totally
did not know what to expect.
But after the 90 days, I was
completely amazed with my results.
So how many pounds did you lose?
31 pounds.
This is a 44-year-old
woman with a 20--
22-year-old daughter.
And another daughter too.
16 as well.
16.
Now both my daughters are athletes.
My 22-year-old is a track
athlete and my 16-year-old
is a volleyball athlete.
So I kind of joined this
program to keep up with them.
That's amazing.
Incredible results.
Thank you.
And now here it is, the test
group has finished a while a go.
Still living the dream.
And part of the dream is
learning how to cook properly.
This is a Chicken Parmesan recipe.
So here's what we do.
Get a glass pan.
Get your olive oil
spray for stickiness.
Fellas, no more excuses.
You don't have to be eating bars and
ordering out the rest of your life.
Now, chicken breast-- easy.
Go anywhere.
Thaw it out.
Boom.
In pan.
Wow.
We got through those
first two steps.
I'm exhausted.
I know.
A lot of bachelors at
home are freaking out.
I'm sweating.
But we're--
[LAUGHTER]
Next, we're going to take our
BPA-free can of tomato sauce,
and now we're going to add a quarter
teaspoon of oregano and garlic.
Na-na-na-na-na.
[LAUGHTER]
Na-na-na na-na-na-na.
Sha-da-da-da-da
da-da-da da-da-da-da.
Chi-chi-cha chi-chi-cha
chi-chi-na na-na.
Pour that right over the chicken.
Right, we're going to
use cheese as a spice.
So we got a little mozzarella there.
Quarter cup right
there and we're just
going to add a little
Parmesan on top of that.
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na.
Right over that.
All right.
So there it is.
Looks like two chefs actually hung
out and knew what they were doing.
So here we go, we're going
to pop it in to the oven.
Now it's preheated at 400 degrees.
Right there.
In you go.
Because that little baby's going
to be in there 15 , 20 minutes.
Now one little tip
too, boys and girls.
Not everybody's oven's the same.
So for some of you, 15, some 25.
Just make sure that the center
of the chicken is not pink.
That's it.
It's got to be cooked all the
way through that pink chicken.
It's not sushi, all
right, so not good.
Tell us a little bit more about your
journey, and how you've started,
and the transformation
and all of it.
During the time that I had children,
I just give up and just let it go.
I was working, taking them to
school, doing things with them.
And we ate lots of pizza and burgers
and over time, I-- it showed up.
Chicken Parmesan, traditional
Chicken Parmesan--
like 1,000 calories,
500 grams of fat.
Freaking nasty, super yummy, but
part of the problem-- what we're
trying to do here is to make
healthy food taste good.
We do it here.
Hello.
[DING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So here is our blanched spinach.
Boiling water.
Boil it, bubbles.
Stick it in.
One minute, pull it out.
Bang.
Ta-da.
Just like that.
So I'm going to go in there
right now and get that baby.
Here we go.
Oh boy.
Wow.
Oh.
[SIZZLING]
I can do it.
Right on top of that.
You want to first dibs?
I sure do.
You--
[LAUGHTER]
How come I do that?
Why do I do that?
All right.
Drum roll please.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Mm.
Oh my god.
It's awesome.
Isn't that easy?
Mhm.
So boys and girls, a lot of times
we use food as an excuse, right?
Nuh-uh.
They work together.
Exercise is fitness.
Food is health.
Put them together with P90.
It's your turn.
Thanks Kam.
Thank you.
Congratulations.
Thank you so much.
Continued success.
Thank you so much Tom.
I'm having some more.
[LAUGHTER]
[MUSIC PLAYING]